README.md, before:

# Developer Portfolio

A collection of projects, from the extremely simple to the fairly complex, that showcase my skills as a web developer.

## Simple Accordion

[REPO](https://github.com/Dayun123/simple-accordion)

A simple implementation of a JavaScript accordion. There is no real styling or attempt to make this cross-browser compatible, I just wanted to practice toggling content based on a button push.

A live demo can be found here: [Accordion Demo](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/simple-accordion/)

## Lazy Loading

[REPO](https://github.com/Dayun123/lazy-loading)

The project at the end of Chris Ferndinandi's [DOM Injection and Traversal](https://vanillajsguides.com/dom-injection-and-traversal/) was to implement lazy loading of images. This is my attempt after reading that short guide. It doesn't follow his example to the letter, it was more the overall concept that I was trying to get right.

A live demo can be found here: [Lazy Loading Demo](https://lazy-loading-make-things-clone.herokuapp.com/)

## Web Storage

[REPO](https://github.com/Dayun123/web-storage)

A simple example which demonstrates a way to use the Web Storage API to save some user-based styles between page visits. Any styles you pick below should be saved in local storage and will be reloaded whenever you refresh or revisit the page. Based on [MDN Web Storage Example](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-storage/)

Demo can be found here: [Web Storage Demo](https://web-storage-mdn-clone.herokuapp.com/)

## Persist Form Values

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/persist-form-values)

A simple example that shows how the Web Storage API can be used to persist user data between page loads. Based on the final project in Chris Ferdinandi's [Browser Storage](https://vanillajsguides.com/browser-storage/).

A demo can be found here [DEMO](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/persist-form-values/)

## History API Demo

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/history-api-demo/settings)

A simple example which demonstrates a way to use the History API to rewrite the URL to mimic changing pages on a static page. The user has the ability to bookmark the url and navigate to and from the url without page loads. Based on a project from [Dive Into HTML5 - History](http://diveintohtml5.info/history.html)

Demo can be found here: [History API Demo](https://history-api-demo.herokuapp.com/)

## React Colors

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/react-colors)

An 8x4 grid of boxes with colored backgrounds where a random box is selected and the background is changed every 300ms. Based on a project from [The Advanced Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-advanced-web-developer-bootcamp) 

Demo can be seen here: [React Colors Demo](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/react-colors/)

## Simple Todo

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/react-simple-todo)

A simple todo list app using some basic React concepts.

Demo can be seen here: [React Simple Todo](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/react-simple-todo/)

## Recipe

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/react-recipe)

A simple app where a user can create and delete recipes.

Demo can be seen here: [React Recipe](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/react-recipe)

## Memory Game

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/react__memory-game)

Click the cards to reveal their color. Each card has a match somewhere on the board, see if you can find them all!

Demo can be seen here: [Memory Game](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/react__memory-game)

## React Complete Guide - Assignment Two

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/rcg-assignment-2)

This is the second assignment from the course [React The Complete Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-the-complete-guide-incl-redux). A text input is provided and when the user enters characters, boxes representing the characters appear. Click the boxes to remove characters from the input.

Demo can be found here: [RCG Assignment 2](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/rcg-assignment-2)

## Accept Header Practice App (Express)

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/express__accept-header-practice)

This app is the first exercise from [Functional Design Patterns For Express.js](https://jonathanleemartin.com/books/).

Hit the routes GET /users and GET /emails to get a JSON response. If you specify a Content-Type in an Accept header, the app can return JSON, XML, or CSV at those same routes, with JSON being the default if no Content-Type is specified.

Visit the app [here](https://accept-header-practice.herokuapp.com/) or make requests from your favorite REST client to the base url `https://accept-header-practice.herokuapp.com/`

Commit message:

Rename Accept Header Practice App -> Pony Express.

README.md, after:

# Developer Portfolio

A collection of projects, from the extremely simple to the fairly complex, that showcase my skills as a web developer.

## Simple Accordion

[REPO](https://github.com/Dayun123/simple-accordion)

A simple implementation of a JavaScript accordion. There is no real styling or attempt to make this cross-browser compatible, I just wanted to practice toggling content based on a button push.

A live demo can be found here: [Accordion Demo](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/simple-accordion/)

## Lazy Loading

[REPO](https://github.com/Dayun123/lazy-loading)

The project at the end of Chris Ferndinandi's [DOM Injection and Traversal](https://vanillajsguides.com/dom-injection-and-traversal/) was to implement lazy loading of images. This is my attempt after reading that short guide. It doesn't follow his example to the letter, it was more the overall concept that I was trying to get right.

A live demo can be found here: [Lazy Loading Demo](https://lazy-loading-make-things-clone.herokuapp.com/)

## Web Storage

[REPO](https://github.com/Dayun123/web-storage)

A simple example which demonstrates a way to use the Web Storage API to save some user-based styles between page visits. Any styles you pick below should be saved in local storage and will be reloaded whenever you refresh or revisit the page. Based on [MDN Web Storage Example](https://mdn.github.io/dom-examples/web-storage/)

Demo can be found here: [Web Storage Demo](https://web-storage-mdn-clone.herokuapp.com/)

## Persist Form Values

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/persist-form-values)

A simple example that shows how the Web Storage API can be used to persist user data between page loads. Based on the final project in Chris Ferdinandi's [Browser Storage](https://vanillajsguides.com/browser-storage/).

A demo can be found here [DEMO](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/persist-form-values/)

## History API Demo

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/history-api-demo/settings)

A simple example which demonstrates a way to use the History API to rewrite the URL to mimic changing pages on a static page. The user has the ability to bookmark the url and navigate to and from the url without page loads. Based on a project from [Dive Into HTML5 - History](http://diveintohtml5.info/history.html)

Demo can be found here: [History API Demo](https://history-api-demo.herokuapp.com/)

## React Colors

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/react-colors)

An 8x4 grid of boxes with colored backgrounds where a random box is selected and the background is changed every 300ms. Based on a project from [The Advanced Web Developer Bootcamp](https://www.udemy.com/course/the-advanced-web-developer-bootcamp) 

Demo can be seen here: [React Colors Demo](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/react-colors/)

## Simple Todo

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/react-simple-todo)

A simple todo list app using some basic React concepts.

Demo can be seen here: [React Simple Todo](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/react-simple-todo/)

## Recipe

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/react-recipe)

A simple app where a user can create and delete recipes.

Demo can be seen here: [React Recipe](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/react-recipe)

## Memory Game

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/react__memory-game)

Click the cards to reveal their color. Each card has a match somewhere on the board, see if you can find them all!

Demo can be seen here: [Memory Game](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/react__memory-game)

## React Complete Guide - Assignment Two

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/rcg-assignment-2)

This is the second assignment from the course [React The Complete Guide](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-the-complete-guide-incl-redux). A text input is provided and when the user enters characters, boxes representing the characters appear. Click the boxes to remove characters from the input.

Demo can be found here: [RCG Assignment 2](https://daniel-schroeder-dev.github.io/rcg-assignment-2)

## Pony Express 

[REPO](https://github.com/daniel-schroeder-dev/pony-express)

This app is an implemenation of a mail server using Express from [Functional Design Patterns For Express.js](https://jonathanleemartin.com/books/).

Hit the routes GET /users and GET /emails to get a JSON response. If you specify a Content-Type in an Accept header, the app can return JSON, XML, or CSV at those same routes, with JSON being the default if no Content-Type is specified.

Visit the app [here](https://pony-express-ds.herokuapp.com/) or make requests from your favorite REST client to the base url `https://pony-express-ds.herokuapp.com/`
